Support KubevirtIpamController plugin (#1808)
kubevirt/cluster-network-addons-operator: README.md

`KUBE_SECONDARY_DNS_IMAGE` environment variable in operator
deployment manifest.

## kubevirtIpamController

[This controller](https://github.com/maiqueb/kubevirt-ipam-claims)

> allows to support IPAM for secondary networks.

Reviewer: We are going to have IPAM for primary networks so let's rename secondary with user defined
```suggestion
allows to support IPAM for user defined networks.
```

`KUBE_SECONDARY_DNS_IMAGE` environment variable in operator
deployment manifest.

## kubevirtIpamController

[This controller](https://github.com/maiqueb/kubevirt-ipam-claims)
allows to support IPAM for user defined networks.

```yaml
apiVersion: networkaddonsoperator.network.kubevirt.io/v1
kind: NetworkAddonsConfig
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  multus: {}
  kubevirtIpamController: {}
```

Additionally, container image used to deliver this plugin can be set using
`KUBEVIRT_IPAM_CONTROLLER_IMAGE` environment variable in operator
deployment manifest.

Note: This component requires certificates mounted on the controller pods for the webhook to work.
On non Openshift clusters, the user should manually install a certificate library (e.g. cert-manager).

> It is done for convenience as part of the helper scripts (make cluster-sync).

Reviewer 2: please add a link to it, or to kubebuilder's recommendation.

`KUBE_SECONDARY_DNS_IMAGE` environment variable in operator
deployment manifest.

## kubevirtIpamController

[This controller](https://github.com/maiqueb/kubevirt-ipam-claims)
allows to support IPAM for user defined networks.

```yaml
apiVersion: networkaddonsoperator.network.kubevirt.io/v1
kind: NetworkAddonsConfig
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  multus: {}
  kubevirtIpamController: {}
```

Additionally, container image used to deliver this plugin can be set using
`KUBEVIRT_IPAM_CONTROLLER_IMAGE` environment variable in operator
deployment manifest.

Note: This component requires certificates mounted on the controller pods for the webhook to work.

> On non Openshift clusters, the user should manually install a certificate library (e.g. cert-manager [1]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On non Openshift clusters, the user should manually install a certificate library (e.g. [cert-manager](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager)).
```

this is a readme written in markdown, not a commit message, or an email.

Reviewer 2: For what it's worth, it is `OpenShift` . That's what we're asked to call it.

Author: done
